1. Overview will be the topmost module
  a. Functionality contains following pieces:
   -Image Gallery
   -Product Information
   -Style Selector
   -Add to Cart

  1.1. component 1: Overview
    a. Component guides customer thru adding specific size and style to cart
      -based on specific SKU as opposed to over-arching product

  1.1.1 component 2: Product Information
    a. displays general information about the product to be displayed at top of Overview which will include:
      1. Star Rating: average rating based on its reviews
         a. represented by an array of solid or outlined stars. 5 stars to appear, with the number filled in representing the average score.
         b. Visual rating will show up to a quarter of a review point. i.e., if avreage is 3.8 will display as 3&3/4 solid stars and 1&1/4 outlined stars
       2. Product Category
       3. Product Title
       4. Price derived from style not product itself based on user selections, and sale price if SKU is on sale
        5. Product Overview - freeform text feild only displayed if available
        6. Share on Social Media - share product on the following:
          a. Facebook
          b. Twitter
          c. Pintrest

  1.1.2 component 3: Style Selector
    a. Below Product Info, displays thumbnail of available styles which can be toggled thru by user
      1. Always displays from current product
      2. Indicate current style select with checkmark overlay with title fully typed out above thumbnail list
      3. Change style on thumbnail click
      4. Default to selected style as first in list
      5. Each product has atleast one style
      6. Only one (and atleast one) style selected at a time

  1.1.3 component 4: Add to Cart
    a. Below Style Select, contains 2 dropdowns - one for size one for quantity, options therein vary based on style selected
      1. Size Selector
        a. display all available sizes for selected style
        b. only styles in stock should be displayed
        c. if all optins out of stock, inactivate list nad display OUT OF STOCK
      2. Quantity Selector
        a. dropdown sequence of integers ranging from 1 to max
          1. either capped by quantity in stock of limit of 15
        b. if no size selected, display '-' and be disabled
      3. Add To Cart Button
        a. below size and quantity dd's
        b. Will place style, size, and quantity into user's cart
        c. See BRD for in-depth functinality

      4. Image Gallery
        a. display images of current product specific to selected style
        b. Update when new style is chosen
        c. Allow browsing and zooming in/out
        d. viewable in two states
          1. Default collapsed view
          2. Expanded view
          3. See BRD for in-depth functionality








